RSDK-4774 - write README for micro-RDK installer (#76)
viamrobotics/micro-rdk: micro-rdk-installer/README.md

# The Viam Micro-RDK Installer

A CLI that allows a user to flash a build of Micro-RDK, along with their robot's credentials and their wifi information, directly to their esp32 without requiring installation of ESP-IDF, Rust, or Python.

## Build Instructions

1. `cargo build`

> 2. ELF will be in target/debug

Reviewer: Executable

## Usage

```text
A CLI that can flash a compilation of micro-RDK directly to an ESP32 provided configuration information

Usage: micro-rdk-installer [COMMAND]

Commands:
  write-flash           Flash a pre-compiled binary with the micro-RDK server directly to an ESP32 connected to
                            your computer via data cable
  write-credentials     Write Wi-Fi and robot credentials to the NVS storage portion of a pre-compiled binary
                            running a micro-RDK server

>   create-nvs-partition  Generate a binary of a complete NVS data partition that conatins Wi-Fi and security

Reviewer 2: typo: contains

                            credentials for a robot
  help                  Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -h, --help  Print help
```

### Quick use

1. Find your robot part at https://app.viam.com. Then navigate to the **Setup** tab

> 2. Regardless of your operating system, select **Linux** and follow Step 1 to download the Viam app config for your robot

Reviewer 2: this is not great (the command as-is drops the file in /etc). 
Mac, Step 2 is what you want and works for all platforms.
Note for reviewers: this will change when we add the relevant tab to app.viam.com setup.

# The Viam Micro-RDK Installer

> A CLI that allows a user to flash a build of Micro-RDK, along with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A CLI that allows a user to flash a build of Micro-RDK, along with their robot's credentials and their wifi information, directly to their esp32 without requiring installation of ESP-IDF, Rust, or Python.
```
(Opt) (1/3) Just prefer keeping all on same line

> their robot's credentials and their wifi information, directly to their esp32 without requiring

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
(2/3)

> installation of ESP-IDF, Rust, or Python.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
(3/3)

## Build Instructions

1. `cargo build`
2. ELF will be in target/debug

## Usage

```text
A CLI that can flash a compilation of micro-RDK directly to an ESP32 provided configuration information

Usage: micro-rdk-installer [COMMAND]

Commands:
  write-flash           Flash a pre-compiled binary with the micro-RDK server directly to an ESP32 connected to
                            your computer via data cable
  write-credentials     Write Wi-Fi and robot credentials to the NVS storage portion of a pre-compiled binary
                            running a micro-RDK server
  create-nvs-partition  Generate a binary of a complete NVS data partition that conatins Wi-Fi and security
                            credentials for a robot
  help                  Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -h, --help  Print help
```

### Quick use

> 1. Find your robot part at https://app.viam.com. Then navigate to the Setup tab

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Find your robot part at https://app.viam.com. Then navigate to the **Setup** tab
```
(opt) We make UI elements like this bold a lot of the time in docs

> 2. Follow Step 1 under the instructions for Linux (regardless of your operating system) to download the Viam app config for your robot

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Regardless of your operating system, select **Linux** and follow Step 1 to download the Viam app config for your robot
```
(Opt) Sentence could be made a bit more straightforward

3. Run: `./micro-rdk-installer write-flash --app-config=<file path to the viam.json file downloaded in previous step>`
    1. To see the micro-RDK server logs through the serial connection, add `--monitor`
    2. If the program cannot auto-detect the serial port to which your ESP32 is connected, you may be prompted to select the correct one among a list

## Common Problems

### Linux Port Permissions

If a "Permission Denied" or similar port error occurs, first check the connection of the ESP32 to the machine's USB port. If 
connected and the error persists, run `sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER` to add the current user to the `dialout` group, then try again.

### MacOS Executable Permissions

> When using a machine running a version of MacOS, the user will be blocked from running the executable. To fix this, **Control+Click** the binary in Finder and then, in the following two prompts select **Open**. Close whatever terminal window this opens

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using a machine running a version of MacOS, the user will be blocked from running the executable. To fix this, **Control+Click** the binary in Finder and then, in the following two prompts select **Open**. Close whatever terminal window this opens to be able to run the installer.
```

> and then you should be able to run the installer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Error: FlashConnect

This may occur because the serial port chosen if/when prompted is incorrect. However, if the correct port has been selected, try the following:

1. Run the installer as explained above

> 2. When prompted to select a serial port

Reviewer 3: What does prompt message look like? In docs we would put in bold: like **select a serial port** if the message said "select a serial port" in terminal ui

Author: I believe there isn't one. The prompt is created by an underlying library function and I found it difficult to hook into it. I'll give it another shot and then update the instructions

    1. Hold down the "EN" or enable button on your ESP32
    2. With the above button held down, select the correct serial port

>     3. Still holding down the enable button, now also press and hold down the "Boot" button. Then release both buttons simultaneously.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    3. Press and hold down the "EN" and "Boot" buttons at the same time. Then release both
```
(opt) Could cut down on these sentences a bit
